Add note on DLL support (#1137)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: INSTALL.md

)
```

## Building shared libs for Windows

Windows DLL build is not supported. There are some constraints on how C++ DLLs work on
Windows, specifically we can't safely allocate memory in one DLL and free it in another.

> For now, OpenTelemetry C++ targets need to be statically linked with the Windows Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, OpenTelemetry C++ targets need to be statically linked into the Windows applications.
```
